Hi I went to Tokyu Hands the other day and found something like this and bought it
Jajan Yokosuka Navy Curry Turtle
Only four laid the Speaking of body content but Navy curry I'm famous
And with my Karegachi biased in mean that gold Pretty Okiumi culture Reikaworu became to him a ram
I vomited
While I think also Naa heavy Irare not become limbo world standing
Examples were Yokosuka have troops curry of the city of Yokosuka, which was reprinted 1908 of the Navy Culinary Arts surgery reference book times
It is a nail poor Yokohama born Yokohama
By say
I There are a sense of closeness to sale softly in Yokosuka
I was born Yoko Yokohama Sodachi
Bad cat's and the hall of the big tournament
Bell dye from the a carbonated beverage martial artist finally went flavoring acidulant
It's soft drink, so it's a little yellow
I yan was built with Dawn when you say umbrella species of the circle love
A series of going
A'probably want open come integrated type
Gathered this this Dondo Higen Kowa'tsu
Take the wheel of Mobius
Ah done Oh take this main dish of the
Shun was the Ya really Yi
It is good because it is a wish I just forgive
ben
It has got
Yeah example sister Oshia
Exhibition Tiger
I say Yeah Shinbu bar
I'm fine I went to my pet
Do
me
Large that was in the kitchen beta
Marble
These days there is no sarcasm wandering with the right ram
In addition, this jar + number to say that there is for wish
Pizza a Tteyuu of such so as not to clog the marbles of the we
I ran through the Showa period of Showa's catastrophe
Is it too net of generation or horse selected to Heisei theory
There is
Oh
Honest impression Amway
Change Newy is amazing
Win out in the long
They don't just sit in their names and their curry is a little cheap too cheap
The
Good or I that I 100 yen's taking Nikki retort is of 200 yen fee 300 yen to 4
It's like 500 yen finance
Who is not Park et al Nde there it is, if I pretty price
Pekka Qi Pula
It's only sweet to meet them
Like a sugar water Well is there sister and body suffering from it but I caught you will of another ne brain
The goods fit in the moment
Wow
130 do from Kuwatte nose
It will finally come off
Hmm
It is no wonder if the other say this is the second time
Oh dear
I would like to have a meal or talk and want to drink a lot
I will not change this snake many times
If you like, please try drinking by all means
This I have many I mean rapeseed Goto 10 yen was conversation with Tokyu Hands when you go pretty one
Juice included in dark rum
There was a selling corner for posting and it was put there
There is a curry enthusiast Yokosuka Shinkin is with me
It was a choice of Cars a
I hope the day it will fall, I will send a culture or naval curry love Hey
Good failure was Mashi Demi N ne
Ah ah ah
The